upgrade doc: suggest disabling transfers (#8648)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/upgrading/_index.md

    enabled: true
```

The use of the write ahead log (WAL) is incompatible with chunk transfers. It's suggested to use the WAL.

> If you have explicitly configured ingester.max-transfer-retries to a non-zero value, please try setting it to 0 to disable transfers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have explicitly configured `ingester.max-transfer-retries` to a non-zero value, you must set it to 0 to disable transfers.
```
